overthewire/0607.md, before:

# Bandit Level 6 → Level 7

## Previous Flag
<b>morbNTDkSW6jIlUc0ymOdMaLnOlFVAaj</b>

## Goal
Use previous password to log in SSH with user <b>bandit7</b> on port <b>2220</b>.  Password stored in file data.txt <b>next to the word millionth</b>

## What I learned
```
grep -E same as egrep (depreciated)
head -n 5 data.txt
tail -n 5 data.txt
cat data.txt | less
cat data.txt | more
```

## Solution
```
@trungdullc ➜ /workspaces/01noobHacker (main) $ ssh bandit7@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
bandit7@bandit:~$ ls
data.txt
bandit7@bandit:~$ head -n 5 data.txt
depression      q6X32st9sACqlScKXQlX2wbcvFecp9BP
Claudette's     ykUWZY6KIy4bMKQild2792kmmU8GRXJV
foretasting     oHqgsHvmgyVlDUouOx9FfhoLGJpUV23I
dedication's    qSxXzVzrcCnpN5wuwvjWiS2rMom0xrx0
dawns   mgdbA0BDN0O81gOhKgMPhGa1OVgQS75j
bandit7@bandit:~$ cat data.txt | grep -E "millionth"
millionth       dfwvzFQi4mU0wfNbFOe9RoWskMLg7eEc
```

## Flag
<b>dfwvzFQi4mU0wfNbFOe9RoWskMLg7eEc</b>

## Continue
[Continue](/overthewire/0708.md)

Commit message:

last update from UNT computer

overthewire/0607.md, after:

# Bandit Level 6 → Level 7

## Previous Flag
<b>morbNTDkSW6jIlUc0ymOdMaLnOlFVAaj</b>

## Goal
Use previous password to log in SSH with user <b>bandit7</b> on port <b>2220</b>.  Password stored in file data.txt <b>next to the word millionth</b>

## What I learned
```
grep -E same as egrep (depreciated)
head -n 5 data.txt
tail -n 5 data.txt
cat data.txt | less
cat data.txt | more
```

## Solution
```
@trungdullc ➜ /workspaces/01noobHacker (main) $ ssh bandit7@bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220
bandit7@bandit:~$ whatis grep head tail less more
grep (1)    - print lines that match patterns
head (1)    - output the first part of files
tail (1)    - output the last part of files
less (1)    - opposite of more
more (1)    - display the contents of a file in a terminal
bandit7@bandit:~$ ls
data.txt
bandit7@bandit:~$ head -n 5 data.txt
depression      q6X32st9sACqlScKXQlX2wbcvFecp9BP
Claudette's     ykUWZY6KIy4bMKQild2792kmmU8GRXJV
foretasting     oHqgsHvmgyVlDUouOx9FfhoLGJpUV23I
dedication's    qSxXzVzrcCnpN5wuwvjWiS2rMom0xrx0
dawns   mgdbA0BDN0O81gOhKgMPhGa1OVgQS75j
bandit7@bandit:~$ cat data.txt | grep -E "millionth"
millionth       dfwvzFQi4mU0wfNbFOe9RoWskMLg7eEc
```

## Flag
<b>dfwvzFQi4mU0wfNbFOe9RoWskMLg7eEc</b>

## Continue
[Continue](/overthewire/0708.md)
